ipb_fname: examples/preprocess/cantonese_sample/ipb_japanese_cantonese_sample.txt
ipb_fname: examples/preprocess/cantonese_sample/ipb_portugues_cantonese_sample.txt
ipb_fname: examples/preprocess/cantonese_sample/ipb_greek_cantonese_sample.txt
ipb_fname: examples/preprocess/cantonese_sample/ipb_russian_cantonese_sample.txt
ipb_fname: examples/preprocess/cantonese_sample/ipb_scottish_cantonese_sample.txt
ipb_fname: examples/preprocess/cantonese_sample/ipb_korean_cantonese_sample.txt
ipb_fname: examples/preprocess/cantonese_sample/ipb_latin_cantonese_sample.txt
ipb_fname: examples/preprocess/cantonese_sample/ipb_english_cantonese_sample.txt
ipb_fname: examples/preprocess/cantonese_sample/ipb_arab_cantonese_sample.txt
ipb_fname: examples/preprocess/cantonese_sample/ipb_spanish_cantonese_sample.txt
ipb_fname: examples/preprocess/cantonese_sample/ipb_cantonese_cantonese_sample.txt
arab:0.00075959
cantonese:0.714014
english:0
greek:0
japanese:0.471325
korean:0.330042
latin:0
portugues:0
russian:0.00113938
scottish:0.000379795
spanish:0
The most provable languages are : 
      cantonese with a probability of 0.714014
ipb_fname: examples/preprocess/cantonese_sample/ipb_japanese_cantonese_sample.txt
ipb_fname: examples/preprocess/cantonese_sample/ipb_portugues_cantonese_sample.txt
ipb_fname: examples/preprocess/cantonese_sample/ipb_greek_cantonese_sample.txt
ipb_fname: examples/preprocess/cantonese_sample/ipb_russian_cantonese_sample.txt
ipb_fname: examples/preprocess/cantonese_sample/ipb_scottish_cantonese_sample.txt
ipb_fname: examples/preprocess/cantonese_sample/ipb_korean_cantonese_sample.txt
ipb_fname: examples/preprocess/cantonese_sample/ipb_latin_cantonese_sample.txt
ipb_fname: examples/preprocess/cantonese_sample/ipb_english_cantonese_sample.txt
ipb_fname: examples/preprocess/cantonese_sample/ipb_arab_cantonese_sample.txt
ipb_fname: examples/preprocess/cantonese_sample/ipb_spanish_cantonese_sample.txt
ipb_fname: examples/preprocess/cantonese_sample/ipb_cantonese_cantonese_sample.txt
arab:0.000379795
cantonese:0.691607
english:0
greek:0
japanese:0.433346
korean:0.290543
latin:0
portugues:0
russian:0
scottish:0.00379795
spanish:0
The most provable languages are : 
      cantonese with a probability of 0.691607
ipb_fname: examples/preprocess/cantonese_sample/ipb_japanese_cantonese_sample.txt
ipb_fname: examples/preprocess/cantonese_sample/ipb_portugues_cantonese_sample.txt
ipb_fname: examples/preprocess/cantonese_sample/ipb_greek_cantonese_sample.txt
ipb_fname: examples/preprocess/cantonese_sample/ipb_russian_cantonese_sample.txt
ipb_fname: examples/preprocess/cantonese_sample/ipb_scottish_cantonese_sample.txt
ipb_fname: examples/preprocess/cantonese_sample/ipb_korean_cantonese_sample.txt
ipb_fname: examples/preprocess/cantonese_sample/ipb_latin_cantonese_sample.txt
ipb_fname: examples/preprocess/cantonese_sample/ipb_english_cantonese_sample.txt
ipb_fname: examples/preprocess/cantonese_sample/ipb_arab_cantonese_sample.txt
ipb_fname: examples/preprocess/cantonese_sample/ipb_spanish_cantonese_sample.txt
ipb_fname: examples/preprocess/cantonese_sample/ipb_cantonese_cantonese_sample.txt
arab:0.000379795
cantonese:0.677174
english:0
greek:0
japanese:0.432207
korean:0.288264
latin:0
portugues:0
russian:0
scottish:0.00227877
spanish:0
The most provable languages are : 
      cantonese with a probability of 0.677174
ipb_fname: examples/preprocess/cantonese_sample/ipb_japanese_cantonese_sample.txt
ipb_fname: examples/preprocess/cantonese_sample/ipb_portugues_cantonese_sample.txt
ipb_fname: examples/preprocess/cantonese_sample/ipb_greek_cantonese_sample.txt
ipb_fname: examples/preprocess/cantonese_sample/ipb_russian_cantonese_sample.txt
ipb_fname: examples/preprocess/cantonese_sample/ipb_scottish_cantonese_sample.txt
ipb_fname: examples/preprocess/cantonese_sample/ipb_korean_cantonese_sample.txt
ipb_fname: examples/preprocess/cantonese_sample/ipb_latin_cantonese_sample.txt
ipb_fname: examples/preprocess/cantonese_sample/ipb_english_cantonese_sample.txt
ipb_fname: examples/preprocess/cantonese_sample/ipb_arab_cantonese_sample.txt
ipb_fname: examples/preprocess/cantonese_sample/ipb_spanish_cantonese_sample.txt
ipb_fname: examples/preprocess/cantonese_sample/ipb_cantonese_cantonese_sample.txt
arab:0.000379795
cantonese:0.675655
english:0
greek:0
japanese:0.431067
korean:0.289404
latin:0
portugues:0
russian:0
scottish:0.00113938
spanish:0
The most provable languages are : 
      cantonese with a probability of 0.675655
ipb_fname: examples/preprocess/cantonese_sample/ipb_japanese_cantonese_sample.txt
ipb_fname: examples/preprocess/cantonese_sample/ipb_portugues_cantonese_sample.txt
ipb_fname: examples/preprocess/cantonese_sample/ipb_greek_cantonese_sample.txt
ipb_fname: examples/preprocess/cantonese_sample/ipb_russian_cantonese_sample.txt
ipb_fname: examples/preprocess/cantonese_sample/ipb_scottish_cantonese_sample.txt
ipb_fname: examples/preprocess/cantonese_sample/ipb_korean_cantonese_sample.txt
ipb_fname: examples/preprocess/cantonese_sample/ipb_latin_cantonese_sample.txt
ipb_fname: examples/preprocess/cantonese_sample/ipb_english_cantonese_sample.txt
ipb_fname: examples/preprocess/cantonese_sample/ipb_arab_cantonese_sample.txt
ipb_fname: examples/preprocess/cantonese_sample/ipb_spanish_cantonese_sample.txt
ipb_fname: examples/preprocess/cantonese_sample/ipb_cantonese_cantonese_sample.txt
arab:0.000379795
cantonese:0.675275
english:0
greek:0
japanese:0.431067
korean:0.288264
latin:0
portugues:0
russian:0
scottish:0
spanish:0
The most provable languages are : 
      cantonese with a probability of 0.675275
ipb_fname: examples/preprocess/cantonese_sample/ipb_japanese_cantonese_sample.txt
ipb_fname: examples/preprocess/cantonese_sample/ipb_portugues_cantonese_sample.txt
ipb_fname: examples/preprocess/cantonese_sample/ipb_greek_cantonese_sample.txt
ipb_fname: examples/preprocess/cantonese_sample/ipb_russian_cantonese_sample.txt
ipb_fname: examples/preprocess/cantonese_sample/ipb_scottish_cantonese_sample.txt
ipb_fname: examples/preprocess/cantonese_sample/ipb_korean_cantonese_sample.txt
ipb_fname: examples/preprocess/cantonese_sample/ipb_latin_cantonese_sample.txt
ipb_fname: examples/preprocess/cantonese_sample/ipb_english_cantonese_sample.txt
ipb_fname: examples/preprocess/cantonese_sample/ipb_arab_cantonese_sample.txt
ipb_fname: examples/preprocess/cantonese_sample/ipb_spanish_cantonese_sample.txt
ipb_fname: examples/preprocess/cantonese_sample/ipb_cantonese_cantonese_sample.txt
arab:0.000379795
cantonese:0.674896
english:0
greek:0
japanese:0.431067
korean:0.288264
latin:0
portugues:0
russian:0
scottish:0
spanish:0
The most provable languages are : 
      cantonese with a probability of 0.674896
ipb_fname: examples/preprocess/cantonese_sample/ipb_japanese_cantonese_sample.txt
ipb_fname: examples/preprocess/cantonese_sample/ipb_portugues_cantonese_sample.txt
ipb_fname: examples/preprocess/cantonese_sample/ipb_greek_cantonese_sample.txt
ipb_fname: examples/preprocess/cantonese_sample/ipb_russian_cantonese_sample.txt
ipb_fname: examples/preprocess/cantonese_sample/ipb_scottish_cantonese_sample.txt
ipb_fname: examples/preprocess/cantonese_sample/ipb_korean_cantonese_sample.txt
ipb_fname: examples/preprocess/cantonese_sample/ipb_latin_cantonese_sample.txt
ipb_fname: examples/preprocess/cantonese_sample/ipb_english_cantonese_sample.txt
ipb_fname: examples/preprocess/cantonese_sample/ipb_arab_cantonese_sample.txt
ipb_fname: examples/preprocess/cantonese_sample/ipb_spanish_cantonese_sample.txt
ipb_fname: examples/preprocess/cantonese_sample/ipb_cantonese_cantonese_sample.txt
arab:0.000379795
cantonese:0.674896
english:0
greek:0
japanese:0.431067
korean:0.288264
latin:0
portugues:0
russian:0
scottish:0
spanish:0
The most provable languages are : 
      cantonese with a probability of 0.674896
ipb_fname: examples/preprocess/cantonese_sample/ipb_japanese_cantonese_sample.txt
ipb_fname: examples/preprocess/cantonese_sample/ipb_portugues_cantonese_sample.txt
ipb_fname: examples/preprocess/cantonese_sample/ipb_greek_cantonese_sample.txt
ipb_fname: examples/preprocess/cantonese_sample/ipb_russian_cantonese_sample.txt
ipb_fname: examples/preprocess/cantonese_sample/ipb_scottish_cantonese_sample.txt
ipb_fname: examples/preprocess/cantonese_sample/ipb_korean_cantonese_sample.txt
ipb_fname: examples/preprocess/cantonese_sample/ipb_latin_cantonese_sample.txt
ipb_fname: examples/preprocess/cantonese_sample/ipb_english_cantonese_sample.txt
ipb_fname: examples/preprocess/cantonese_sample/ipb_arab_cantonese_sample.txt
ipb_fname: examples/preprocess/cantonese_sample/ipb_spanish_cantonese_sample.txt
ipb_fname: examples/preprocess/cantonese_sample/ipb_cantonese_cantonese_sample.txt
arab:0.000379795
cantonese:0.675275
english:0
greek:0
japanese:0.431067
korean:0.288264
latin:0
portugues:0
russian:0
scottish:0
spanish:0
The most provable languages are : 
      cantonese with a probability of 0.675275


172,354
196,179
228,777
249,303
265,710
286,498
287,365
293,701